well we will tell
thank you so much my name is Ali Baba
nice hat just what's up how did you get
into this fantasy
I am sorry by your words are confusing
me I am NOT these tales come on chels I
know that you stopped talking with that
fake accent my apologies I think my
friend it's quite all right
he saved my life is there anything I can
do to repay my debt to you
yes may you give us one of your seven
secret things usually I would not give
something precious like the seven secret
means but since do you save my life I
will allow it my ring is at the desert
my pet is guarding it all you need to do
is pass it but don't worry
it's nice thank you so much Ali Baba
we'll see you later why does everybody
in defense
this is the place this is what the tales
wanna be call something a head and
second of all it doesn't even look that
friendly I am so gonna kick his ass once
I see him again
funny what are you going to do well I'm
not gonna take any risk
so Chara I wish this monster was
destroyed that or it's out of my way I'm
sorry sorry but I can't be that way the
monster is too powerful
okay wow you're really worthless aren't
you
I can't even wish for anything can I you
said since I'm the holder of the Ring I
can wish for anything I want and so far
every type of wish I asked for you can't
do it because of some dumb reason tell
you the truth I feel ripped off I'm
sorry son hey hey I didn't mean I'm
sorry I just got annoyed let's make a
promise and the promise is we will stick
with each other no matter what happens
yes no matter what happens it's a
promise yeah a promise a promise
all right you monster bring it on
right now I'm thinking that the ayats at
sweetness right
yes but beware it can also attack with
big stingers and also the missiles
that's coming out of its ass god damn
it's too far
now right ha ha hey where are you going
I'm not done yet
whoa nice try
man this thing is fast
attacking from the ground that's not
gonna work I think it's going to be
serious to stun a worrier can't beat me
not to finish you
here's a cake before me you are good boy
this way
you
sonic look this is one of the seven
secret rains so that's what one of the
Rings look like huh huh I can't grab it
are you okay yeah it's just this power
from this ring don't worry you'll get
used to it once you get the other rings
this is why I chose to use Sonic the
Hedgehog I knew that you are the
II really I'm kind of cluttered yeah I'm
pretty sure you made the right choices I
am one of the greatest thing yes you are
Sonic but there is a price however he
who collects the seventh secret rings
will dive on this Sun of resources
I chose you
you can control that power
and you will be able to stop to farm
once and for all
gosh you really need to tell me these
things before I do something I mean this
ring could have killed her you know I'm
sorry Sonic but I didn't have time to
tell you but beware Sonic the more rings
you get the more emotional you'll get
hahahahaha the more emotional I get what
do you mean by that the power of the
seven secret wins has the power of all
the fantasy of thoughts you have the
feelings of every single being ever made
Wow really so far there's nothing to
worry about I feel great you really need
to relax more I already know all about
the whole with great power comes with
the great responsibility and all that
wait a second we forgot Stan Lainey
shoot you're right
let's go and save them where did he go
where did he go
I don't know long